car
High magnification zoom compact equipped with self-portrait LCD
Introducing panasonic lumix tz 55
Kobet body selectable from three colors of white black vest
It is equipped with optical 20 times zoom of wide-angle 24mm
I can not shoot more expensive fork body
Memory can be left with 1 million pixels of effective 1 type
And 3 types of about 460,000 dots that can easily be shot in Bloom
Equipped with 180 degree tilt type liquid crystal
Self-portrait mode is automatically switched when the LCD is rotated
In addition, we can photograph low angle comfortably and can enjoy photography in support Kofu
Furthermore, the camera recognizes the shooting c and makes the best shooting settings
Installed after you leave love juice
You can leave memories in easy clean without difficult settings
Also, you can easily take a photo of the atmosphere different from the usual Creative Control
Sound platform of fishing bait Cebu a month that can process the image after shooting
You can easily enjoy your own photo expression
Furthermore, the video is compatible with Pura Hi-Vision
Camera shake which becomes daily by active mode to monitor and correct big camera shake in animation form
Will hold you down firmly
And it is equipped with convenient wi-fi function Connection setting can be easily done with qr code
Add-on of the hustle and bustle and storage remote shooting can be done wirelessly
Convenience is one day that can accommodate a variety of shooting in the installation of their own gray keynote
Effective pixel number Heterosexual guests Manga Island Singing with 10x zoom in the direction of 24 mm wide angle
Convenient 3-inch 460,000 dot can also be comfortably taken their own interest
180-degree optimal harmony set in accordance with movable tilt the economy finally want the camera to the shooting scene
Will
Enjoy your Makasea No photo of a different atmosphere from the usual yesterday
Creative Control Creative Features Full High Definition Video Support
wi-fi function
Yes
Buy well and receive with confidence in your nearest camera Kitamura
Also safe after-sales follow-up after buying you can pay
Cafes etc are also decided by Kitamura